content/pages/home.md, before:

Title: About Me
URL:
save_as: index.html

My name is Devin Schwab. I'm currently a first year PhD student at the
[Robotics Institute (RI)](https://www.ri.cmu.edu/) at Carnegie Mellon
University (CMU). My research focuses on Artificial Intelligence and
Machine Learning in the context of robotics. I am part of
[CORAL group](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~coral/) led by my adviser
[Manuela Veloso](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~mmv/). I plan on competing in
the
[Standard Platform League of RoboCup](http://www.robocup2016.org/en/leagues/robocup-soccer/standard-platform/)
using the Nao robots. I am simultaneously working on a project with
the [CoBots](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~coral/projects/cobot/).

Prior to attending CMU, I attended Case Western Reserve University
(CWRU). As an undergrad, I earned a 4.0 GPA while majoring in
electrical engineering and computer science and minoring in
Japanese. I then completed a masters degree in computer science also
with a 4.0. My thesis, "Hierarchical Sampling for Least-Squares Policy
Iteration", presented a new approach to hierarchical reinforcement
learning, which uses a MaxQ style hierarchy as prior information in
order to improve offline sample collection.

I have a lot of experience working on real robotics systems. In
addition to the robots I am currently working with (Nao and CoBot), I
spent a year as a researcher at the University of Hong Kong working on
the DARPA Robotics Challenge. While there I worked extensively with
the [Atlas robot from Boston Dynamics](http://www.bostondynamics.com/robot_Atlas.html).

I have lots experiences living and travelling in other countries. I
have been on exchanges and study abroads in Tokyo, Japan. While there
I studied Japanese language, so I have intermediate fluency in the
language. As mentioned I have also lived in Hong Kong for a year.

For more detailed information about my work please see the
[Resume and CV page]({filename}resume_cv.md). You can also checkout [my
Github page](https://github.com/rhololkeolke). If you have any
questions please feel free to contact me.

Commit message:

Small update to home page

content/pages/home.md, after:

Title: About Me
URL:
save_as: index.html

My name is Devin Schwab. I'm currently a second year PhD student at
the [Robotics Institute (RI)](https://www.ri.cmu.edu/) at Carnegie
Mellon University (CMU). My research focuses Deep Reinforcement
Learning (DeepRL) applied to robots. I am part
of [CORAL group](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~coral/) led by my
adviser [Manuela Veloso](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~mmv/). Since joining
the lab I have competed in
the
[Standard Platform League of RoboCup](http://www.robocup2016.org/en/leagues/robocup-soccer/standard-platform/) using
the Nao robots. I have also participated in
the
[RoboCup Small Size League (SSL)](http://robocup2016.org/en/leagues/robocup-soccer/small-size/) as
part of
the [CMDragons team](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~robosoccer/small/).

Prior to attending CMU, I attended Case Western Reserve University
(CWRU). As an undergrad, I earned a 4.0 GPA while majoring in
electrical engineering and computer science and minoring in
Japanese. I then completed a masters degree in computer science also
with a 4.0. My thesis, "Hierarchical Sampling for Least-Squares Policy
Iteration", presented a new approach to hierarchical reinforcement
learning, which uses a MaxQ style hierarchy as prior information in
order to improve offline sample collection.

I have a lot of experience working on real robotics systems. In
addition to the robots I am currently working with (Nao and CoBot), I
spent a year as a researcher at the University of Hong Kong working on
the DARPA Robotics Challenge. While there I worked extensively with
the [Atlas robot from Boston Dynamics](http://www.bostondynamics.com/robot_Atlas.html).

I have lots experiences living and travelling in other countries. I
have been on exchanges and study abroads in Tokyo, Japan. While there
I studied Japanese language, so I have intermediate fluency in the
language. As mentioned I have also lived in Hong Kong for a year.

For more detailed information about my work please see the
[Resume and CV page]({filename}resume_cv.md). You can also checkout [my
Github page](https://github.com/rhololkeolke). If you have any
questions please feel free to contact me.
